Anthony DiNardi
Minh Nguyen 
Dean Terrizzi




Brief
The idea of this project is to create a security camera that is able to be accessed through the web. This web based security camera includes two servo motors that allow the camera to spectate around a room so that the user is able see what is going on in as well as around the room. The motors will be remotely controlled from a web server. Also the web camera will be able to take a snapshot at a moment in time and email it to a specified email address.




Work done so far
Servo is up and running. The motor is remotely interfaced from a web page(needs fine tuning)
Camera is up running on a web page separate from the servos webpage




Work to be done
Task 1
Fine tune the servos’ flask code so that its web page is able to control the position of the  motors. Right now the web page is only able to make the motors oscillate 180 degrees back and forth. 
Task 2
Integrate the servos’ and cameras’ web pages into one
Task 3
Design enclosure/frame for the security camera to be mounted to 
Task 4
Create enclosure/frame


Contribution
Anthony DiNardi:
I connected the camera to the Pi and was able to get a livestream of the camera feed up and running through Flask. My future role will be to integrate the servos and camera web pages into one.

Minh Nguyen:
	I Handled all things servos on this project, from soldering and hardware configuration to the HTML’s interface with flask. My future role for this project will be primarily on the fine tuning the the servo’s flask and HTML code.

Dean Terrizzi:
	I also created code for taking snapshots and video recordings of the camera but I don’t have the camera so was unable to really look at it so Anthony basically did that part. He will lend me the camera this week and my future role will be to get the camera’s screenshots and video recordings streamed through the remote location accordingly.

Everyone: 
As a whole, we will discuss the design of the camera’s enclosure as well as how to create the enclosure along with the materials used..
